# AirCon API

###API to find alternative places to stay near events you travel to.

Our AirCon API finds Airbnb listings near events you want to go to using the Eventbrite API and the Zilyo API. Search the event name and you will have local Airbnb listings returned in JSON format.  

Enter your event search (use %20 instead of spaces) as params[:event] in
```
/api/v1/aircons/:event
```

You will recieve a "response" hash with an array of places to rent.  Each place to rent is a hash that includes a heading, location, dwelling_type, number_of_bedrooms, occupancy, beds, bathrooms, description, monthly_price, weekly_price, nightly_price, and url to find the listing on http://airbnb.com website.  Usually, many results are displayed, however, you may get a message saying there are no results if the Zilyo API does not return any results from Airbnb.


An example result from using "magfest" as your search params yields: 
```
{
"response": [
{
"heading": "AmazingRiverHouse Apt. 24 5*REVIEWS",
"location": "Moot Point Lane, Greensboro, MD, United States, 21639",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Having been called 'a tree house on the river' by many guests since there is a oneness with nature which is afforded by the design of our home. The ever changing view of the river is always enchanting as is the ebb & flow of the tide on the Choptank.\n  \n\nThe apartment's private entrance faces the river and borders on a creek which is at the crest of a hill giving a panoramic view of the river from all the windows of which there are 17 with four picture windows. Our home is called a \"tree house on the river\" because of its closeness to the water and mature trees surrounding the house. The house is situated  on an 18 acre mostly wooded property. \nTHE FEATURES:\n-Secure well lit private entrance close to parking area\n- two bedrooms one with a queen sized bed with down topper and the other bedroom with two twin beds one with a down topper and one with a foam topper. All beds have comforters and fine sheets and pillows.\n-well-equipped California  kitchen (see features below) \n- 46\" Smart TV and Blu Ray DVD player\n- Full bathroom with tub and tile floor\n- Closets with hangers, iron and ironing board  \n- Central A/C and heating + ceiling fans in every room \n- Gas Fireplace\n- Recessed lighting + lamps \n- high ceilings \n\n-WHAT WE INCLUDE: \n- Bathroom: a set of towels, toilet paper, soap,  shampoo, conditioner and toothpaste & hairdryer\n - Kitchen: Fridge stocked with, water (still and sparkling), eggs, juice, English muffins and milk.\n- Coffee Makers - a K-cup with coffee and tea supplied, an espresso maker & French Press\n - All cooking supplies incl. pots, pans, dishes, glasses, wine glasses, knives, silverware, bottle opener, and other cooking tools; appliances include toaster, microwave with convection and grill features, coffeemaker, gas stove; snacks include  coffee, tea, and hot chocolate.\n - Miscellaneous: All bed linens plus convertible bed (single) & blow up mattress with pillows and linens for extra guest or children, tourist info and maps of the area, plenty of books, tissues  and Bluetooth speaker for iPod or iPhone.\n\nHaving a private patio to use for breakfast or dinners and also a chiminea for cool evenings. There is easy access to the dock where there is a canoe and three kayaks (one sit-on-top) available for use.  Additionally, there is a fire pit which overlooks the river. With a coffee maker and basic supplies, guests can settle right in for a cozy stay.\n\nWe are available to assist our guests with any questions concerning the area or the apartment but respect our guest's privacy.\n\nOur area is rural but relatively close to large city centers such as Washington D.C., Baltimore, MD and Philadelphia, PA and the historic towns of Annapolis, Easton, St. Michael's and Oxford MD. Just 2 miles from the historic Town of Denton and 45 minutes from the Atlantic Ocean, Lewes and Rehoboth Beach, Delaware as well as Dover, Delaware and Ocean City Maryland. There is a public landing, restaurants and an Irish pub in Denton along with a Super Walmart for your basic needs. Two large state parks within a few miles of our home and an Arboretum championing native plants of the coastal plain region along with a museum and shop.  \n\nSince we are located in the Eastern Shore of Maryland, a car is necessary.Bicycles are available to use at our home and there are many beautiful country roads to cycle.\n\nOur home is located a half a mile from the main road (MD. Route. 313) on an well maintained unpaved roadway. A very safe location with some walking paths in our woods and along the stream that borders the property. Dock is a favorite location for watching wildlife and sunsets as well as fishing and reading.\n\nThis is a stand alone apartment which is turn-key ready with private entrance, bath, bedrooms, kitchen. Patio with chiminea and dining area with charcoal grill. There is a dock with kayaks and canoe available for guests with life jackets and steps from the dock for easy access into the river for swimming. \n\nWe are available to assist our guests as needed and we respect their privacy.\n\nOur rural area captures all the best qualities of being on the river in the woods while also accessible to major city centers such as Washington DC, Baltimore MD and Philadelphia, PA  and the historic towns of Annapolis, St. Michael's, Easton and Oxford Maryland. The Delaware beaches (Rehoboth, Bethany, Dewey) are an hour away and Ocean City, Maryland and Assateague Island National Seashore a little further. Our farm is close to two major Maryland State Parks, Tuckahoe (2,000 acres with a lake, hike/bike trails and an arboretum) and Martinak with boat launch on the Choptank River, amphitheatre and hiking trails. \n\nSince the River House Apartment at Moot Point Farm is located on the Eastern Shore of Maryland a car is necessary for accessing our location and for sightseeing.  We do have bikes available for use.\n\nThere are two food stores - a Food Lion and a Super Walmart within 4 miles of our home to meet your basic needs. \n\nHaving been called 'a tree house on the river' by many guests since there is a oneness with nature which is afforded by the design of our home. The ever changing view of the river is always enchanting as is the ebb & flow of the tide on the Choptank.\n\nHouseRules:\n - Check-in and out times may be adjusted if we do not have guests leaving & arriving on the same day.\n-NON SMOKING house and no smoking on the grounds or anywhere on the property. Guests who smoke on our property shall be asked to leave. \n- we allow well mannered pets for an extra fee of $50. for each pet for the weekend and $100.00 for each pet for the week. We DO NOT allow puppies, dogs under one year. Also please make arrangements for your pet if you plan to be away from the apartment for more than 4 hours and your dog will be in the apartment alone. Contact the host or a nearby kennel for help.\n-  Apartment is not ADA equipped.\n - Do not download illegal content on our wi-fi.\n",
"monthly_price": 2000,
"weekly_price": 800,
"nightly_price": 90,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/2220660"
},
{
"heading": "PERFECT LUXURY COZY Retreat",
"location": "T Street Northwest, Dupont Circle, Washington, DC, United States, 20009",
"dwelling_type": "Apartment",
"number_of_bedrooms": 1,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "You will be close to all landmark, in a safe neighborhood, relaxing in a comfortable and luxurious 1BR home boasting tons of sun-light, hardwood floors & remodeled kitchen/bathroom! Come enjoy prime location convenience, on a charming/quiet street!\n\nThe bedroom has a comfortable queen bed and lots of closet space to help make you feel right at home during your travel. There is a queen size pull-out couch in the living room for extra guests. In the closet you'll find fresh towels, air mattress, and an extra sheets/blankets, to use if needed.   A Restful Night mattress pad has been added on the pull-out mattress for extra comfort. The recently remodeled kitchen has gorgeous granite countertops, porcelain floors, new stainless steel appliances including: microwave, stove, over, washer/dryer, dishwasher, and fridge. The comfortable living room has a wood burning fireplace which is wonderful to use in the winter.\n\nIf you are looking for a comfortable home after visiting museums/monuments/shops, a hip spot to try out all of DC's trendiest restaurants/bars/clubs, and/or a hide-away after long meetings, this is the place for you! \n\nHappy to answer any of your questions. Just shoot me a note! \n\nBeautiful romantic interior courtyard\nSecurity with controlled access\nBarbecue area\nBike in covered area\nParking\n \n\n\n\n\nThis unit is a private 1BR so I usually set up the lock box, and am available to interact with you by text/call for anything you need. If you would like and I am in town, I'd be happy to meet you in-person, hand you the keys, and give you a tour of the home/neighborhood. Just let me know.  \n\nThe condo is walking distance to DC's trendiest restaurants and bars, including: \n- A Fun Whisky Bar with a rooftop deck - Rebellion ( 1 block)\n- The Best Mexican in DC - Lauriol Plaza (1 block)\n- Thai Food Heaven - Regent (1 block)\n- A Hipster/Trendy American Bar - Bar Charley (1 block)\n- A Real Korean Food Experience - Mandu (1 block)\n- Delicious Mediterranean/Italian with Outdoor Patio - Rosemary's Thyme (1 block)\n- A Chill/Relaxing Coffee Shop - Filter (1 block)\n- A Chocolate Lovers Heaven - COCOVA (1 block)\n- Best Brunch in Town - L'Enfant Café-Bar (1 block)\n- A Wonderful Place To Be Gay - Larry's Lounge (1 block)\n- Fantastic American Steakhouse - Ruth Chris Steak House (2 blocks)\n- A Neat Bar with Boardgames and BYOF - BoardRoom (2 blocks)\n- A Vodka Lover's Paradise - The Russia House (2 blocks)\n- Large Portions of Delicious Italian - Buca Di Beppo (2 blocks)\n\nClose to it all: DuPont Circle, Adam Morgan, 14th Street, U Street, Monuments, Museums, White House, Hilton, Convention Center, 9:30 Club, Lincoln Theater, U Street Music Hall, Bohemian Caverns, Washington Improve, Nationals Park, Verizon Center, RFK Stadium, DC Armory, DC United...    \n\nFrommers: Made DC's best neighborhoods list! \"Explore Dupont Circle’s lovely side streets extending off Connecticut and Massachusetts avenues. You’ll discover picturesque 19th-century town houses serving as homes to small art galleries, historic museums, and actual residences. Stroll Embassy Row (northward on Massachusetts Ave.) to view Beaux Arts mansions, many built by wealthy magnates during the Gilded Age.\"\n\nAirbnb: \"Legislation isn’t made in Dupont Circle, but this hub of activity often feels like DC’s true city center. This trendsetting neighborhood boasts more long-term residents than summer interns, lending it a lived-in quality that’s uncommon in a city of new arrivals. Dupont Circle’s around-the-clock energy invites people to come for brunch and stay until last call, while its parks attract residents to relax as they observe their neighbors protesting, painting, or reading the afternoon away.\"\n\nDuPont Circle's walk score is 97, transit score is 94, and bike score is 90. \n\nFodor's: \"the area around the circle (Dupont) is a vibrant center for urban and cultural life in the District. Along with wealthy tenants and basement-dwelling twentysomethings, museums, art galleries, and embassies call this upscale neighborhood home. Offbeat shops, specialty bookstores, coffeehouses, and varied restaurants help the area stay funky and urban.\" \n\nLonely Planet: \"Dupont offers flash new restaurants, hip bars, cafe society and cool bookshops. It’s also the heart of the city’s GLBT community. It used to be where turn-of-the-century millionaires lived. Today those mansions hold DC’s greatest concentration of embassies\"\n\nWashingtonian: \"It isn't uncommon to see impromptu yoga, pick-up games of chess and locals with their dogs making use of this social circle. You’ll find dozens of bistros, bars and boutiques in the Dupont Circle neighborhood. Or check out any number of galleries and museums in the area\" \n\nThere are many options for transportation, including:\n-  Biking (Left  bike/helmet for you to use, but there is also a Capital Bike Share 1 block away)\n- Zip car (Behind the building)\n- Metro (Green/Yellow/Red lines a few blocks away)\n- Local bus (1 block away)\n- Taxis (Lots of taxis 1 block away)\n\nRonald Reagan National Airport (DCA) is a 15 minute taxi ride away. I can help make arrangements for transportation, if you would like (e.g. to/from the airport). \n\nHappy to accommodate any special needs! \n\nBeautiful romantic interior courtyard\nSecurity with controlled access\nBarbecue area\nBike in covered area \nParking\n\nThis unit is a private 1BR so I usually set up the lock box, and am available to interact with you by text/call for anything you need. If you would like and I am in town, I'd be happy to meet you in-person, hand you the keys, and give you a tour of the home/neighborhood. Just let me know.  \n\nThe condo is walking distance to DC's trendiest restaurants and bars, including: \n- A Fun Whisky Bar with a rooftop deck - Rebellion ( 1 block)\n- The Best Mexican in DC - Lauriol Plaza (1 block)\n- Thai Food Heaven - Regent (1 block)\n- A Hipster/Trendy American Bar - Bar Charley (1 block)\n- A Real Korean Food Experience - Mandu (1 block)\n- Delicious Mediterranean/Italian with Outdoor Patio - Rosemary's Thyme (1 block)\n- A Chill/Relaxing Coffee Shop - Filter (1 block)\n- A Chocolate Lovers Heaven - COCOVA (1 block)\n- Best Brunch in Town - L'Enfant Café-Bar (1 block)\n- A Wonderful Place To Be Gay - Larry's Lounge (1 block)\n- Fantastic American Steakhouse - Ruth Chris Steak House (2 blocks)\n- A Neat Bar with Boardgames and BYOF - BoardRoom (2 blocks)\n- A Vodka Lover's Paradise - The Russia House (2 blocks)\n- Large Portions of Delicious Italian - Buca Di Beppo (2 blocks)\n\nClose to it all: DuPont Circle, Adam Morgan, 14th Street, U Street, Monuments, Museums, White House, Hilton, Convention Center, 9:30 Club, Lincoln Theater, U Street Music Hall, Bohemian Caverns, Washington Improve, Nationals Park, Verizon Center, RFK Stadium, DC Armory, DC United...    \n\nFrommers: Made DC's best neighborhoods list! \"Explore Dupont Circle’s lovely side streets extending off Connecticut and Massachusetts avenues. You’ll discover picturesque 19th-century town houses serving as homes to small art galleries, historic museums, and actual residences. Stroll Embassy Row (northward on Massachusetts Ave.) to view Beaux Arts mansions, many built by wealthy magnates during the Gilded Age.\"\n\nAirbnb: \"Legislation isn’t made in Dupont Circle, but this hub of activity often feels like DC’s true city center. This trendsetting neighborhood boasts more long-term residents than summer interns, lending it a lived-in quality that’s uncommon in a city of new arrivals. Dupont Circle’s around-the-clock energy invites people to come for brunch and stay until last call, while its parks attract residents to relax as they observe their neighbors protesting, painting, or reading the afternoon away.\"\n\nDuPont Circle's walk score is 97, transit score is 94, and bike score is 90. \n\nFodor's: \"the area around the circle (Dupont) is a vibrant center for urban and cultural life in the District. Along with wealthy tenants and basement-dwelling twentysomethings, museums, art galleries, and embassies call this upscale neighborhood home. Offbeat shops, specialty bookstores, coffeehouses, and varied restaurants help the area stay funky and urban.\" \n\nLonely Planet: \"Dupont offers flash new restaurants, hip bars, cafe society and cool bookshops. It’s also the heart of the city’s GLBT community. It used to be where turn-of-the-century millionaires lived. Today those mansions hold DC’s greatest concentration of embassies\"\n\nWashingtonian: \"It isn't uncommon to see impromptu yoga, pick-up games of chess and locals with their dogs making use of this social circle. You’ll find dozens of bistros, bars and boutiques in the Dupont Circle neighborhood. Or check out any number of galleries and museums in the area\" \n\nThere are many options for transportation, including:\n-  Biking (Left  bike/helmet for you to use, but there is also a Capital Bike Share 1 block away)\n- Zip car (Behind the building)\n- Metro (Green/Yellow/Red lines a few blocks away)\n- Local bus (1 block away)\n- Taxis (Lots of taxis 1 block away)\n\nRonald Reagan National Airport (DCA) is a 15 minute taxi ride away. I can help make arrangements for transportation, if you would like (e.g. to/from the airport). \n\nHappy to accommodate any special needs! \n\n- Easy to get to\n- Near it all. Near the White House\n- Comfortable and Beautiful\n\nYou will be close to all landmark, in a safe neighborhood, relaxing in a comfortable and luxurious 1BR home boasting tons of sun-light, hardwood floors & remodeled kitchen/bathroom! Come enjoy prime location convenience, on a charming/quiet street!\n\nHouseRules:\n-No smoking \n-No parties \n-No one in the home other than the people on the reservation, unless prearranged\n-Leave the home as you found it   ",
"monthly_price": 4500,
"weekly_price": 1200,
"nightly_price": 200,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/3961094"
},
{
"heading": "Bailey's Retreat Cottage #4",
"location": "Bailey's Court, Charlottesville, VA, United States, 22901",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 4,
"beds": 2,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Welcome to Bailey's Retreat Cottage #4.  We have 3 other Cottages plus the cabin on a 50 acre property. Search Bailey' Retreat for a complete listing. Situated in woodsy area with distant mountain views this two bedroom cottage is a perfect escape.\n\nPerched on 50 rustic acres in Ivy, Virginia, seven miles west of Charlottesville and seven miles east of Crozet, Bailey's Retreat offers scenic serenity for nature lovers, artists, writers, sportsmen or city slickers who simply want to unwind. Or not. Mere minutes from the University of Virginia, Monticello, Skyline Drive, Wintergreen, wineries and breweries, the cottage conveniently sits in the center of regional tourist attractions that fan out in four directions.\n\nThis 850 sq foot cottage features a wood burning fireplace, bright sunny living room with sliding glass doors leading to a deck where you can sit and take in natures beauty. There are two bedrooms, one queen and one full.  The beds are made up with high quality designer linens and pillows. Fully stocked galley kitchen with Rachel Ray cookware and dinnerware.\n\nRelax and enjoy!\n\nWhatever your reason is for visiting the area, we'd love to host you at Bailey's Retreat Cottage!\n\nBailey's Retreat offers a viewing terrace filled with adirondack chairs. The perfect spot for sitting back and taking it all in! Private access.\n\nIn ground pool with lounge chairs is open to guests. \nPool hours are from 10:00-noon then again from 4:00-6:00\n\nOutdoor pavilion with chimney and deck offers a more private gathering space! Contact us for more information.We provide all firewood.\n\nWelcome to Bailey's Retreat Cottage #4.  We have 3 other Cottages plus the cabin on a 50 acre property. Search Bailey' Retreat for a complete listing. Situated in woodsy area with distant mountain views this two bedroom cottage is a perfect escape.\n\nHouseRules:\nThanks for Choosing Bailey's Retreat Cottage #4.\nWe appreciate your attention to the rules.\nPets are not permitted.\nThere is no smoking inside the Cottage.\nNo guests of guests.\nPlease treat the cottage with care.\nThanks in advance for your cleanliness.\nWe invite you to visit any of our other properties, listings can be found by clicking on \"our profile\"\n",
"monthly_price": 1800,
"weekly_price": 590,
"nightly_price": 120,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/2571114"
},
{
"heading": "Bailey's Retreat Cottage #1",
"location": "Baileys court, Charlottesville, VA, United States, 22901",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 4,
"beds": 2,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Welcome to Bailey's Retreat! If this Cottage is booked or you need more space check out Cottage#2,3,or 4.The Retreat is made up of 50 rustic acres with access to outdoor chimney, pavilion,and pool.Come alone or bring a group we are happy to have you!\n\nPerched on 50 rustic acres in Ivy, Virginia, seven miles west of Charlottesville and seven miles east of Crozet, Bailey's Retreat offers scenic serenity for nature lovers, artists, writers, sportsmen or city slickers who simply want to unwind. Or not. Mere minutes from the University of Virginia, Monticello, Skyline Drive, Wintergreen, wineries and breweries, the cottage conveniently sits in the center of regional tourist attractions that fan out in four directions. \n\n This 850 sq foot cottage features a wood burning fireplace, bright sunny living room with sliding glass doors leading to a deck where you can sit and take in natures beauty. There are  two bedrooms, one queen and one twin with a queen pull out Pottery Barn sofa in living room.  The beds are made up with high quality designer linens and pillows.  Fully stocked galley kitchen with Rachel Ray cookware and dinnerware. \n\n Relax and enjoy!    \n\n\nWhatever your reason is for visiting the area, we'd love to host you at Bailey's Retreat Cottage!\n\n\nWe are happy to share much of our retreat with guests. We welcome you to soak up some rays or take a dip in our sizable swimming pool.Bring a picnic or a bottle of wine the Adirondack chairs on our lawn terrace and marvel at one of our stunning sunsets or starry nights. Grab guitars or simply gather with family and friends for a fireside chat at out outdoor pavilion. Situated on a country lane off of a country road, you are welcome to stretch your legs on a six mile walk. Bailey’s Retreat offers plenty to do and plenty of places to do nothing. We hope you enjoy our family’s homestead as much as we do. \n\n\nWelcome to Bailey's Retreat! If this Cottage is booked or you need more space check out Cottage#2,3,or 4.The Retreat is made up of 50 rustic acres with access to outdoor chimney, pavilion,and pool.Come alone or bring a group we are happy to have you!\n\nHouseRules:\nNo Pets allowed\nNo Smoking inside the properties\nGuests don't have guests\nSpeed limit 15\nThanks in advance for your cleanliness",
"monthly_price": 1800,
"weekly_price": 625,
"nightly_price": 120,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/1664377"
},
{
"heading": "SHADE TREE COTTAGE, a southern gem!",
"location": "Kloeckner Road, Gordonsville, VA, United States, 22942",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 5,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Located within minutes of award winning wineries in the Monticello Wine Region; Keswick, Barboursville, Horton, Trump, Jefferson. The Cottage is private, quaint and comfortable with pristine farm views and abundant wildlife. Take Thomas Jefferson's Scenic Route 231 from Gordonsville to Charlottesville, only 20 minutes, or tour  Madison's \"Montpelier\".  \n\nShade Tree Cottage is nestled under 100+ year old trees on a knoll that's part of a 22 acre farm. Enjoy the front porch rocking chairs while watching rabbits and squirrels play around the numerous trees.  Birds galore call Shade Tree Cottage home and know that their feeders are always full and close by.  Deer can also be spotted each evening around 6 or so.  The large country kitchen is fully equipped and has a French door opening to a deck, which is great for morning coffee overlooking the pasture.  A new bathroom with shower is just off the main bedroom (queen).  Awesome loft with staircase overlooking Great room provides extra sleeping options (comfy twin cots with thick mattresses). The electric fireplace heaters in the great room and kitchen provide instant warmth and ambiance.  A large Second bedroom on main floor has a new double bed and a pullout sofa bed (double). This suite can also be a sunny den for reading or watching the wildlife.  Shade Tree Cottage has central heat and air, it's just the perfect weekend or midweek \"getaway destination\". \n\nKitchen has refrigerator, stove, new microwave and dishwasher. Tassimo individual serve coffee maker and full size coffee maker.  Laundry room off kitchen with stackable washer and dryer.  Expect fresh clean linens and fluffy towels for your stay.  Wi-Fi Internet is supplied from a booster from the main house, TV (no cable) and strong Verizon cell signal.\n\nEither Tom or I will meet you at check-in with the key.  Our home is also on the farm, so if you have any questions we are only a phone call away.  We respect your privacy so you won't see us again unless you need us.  However, Spanky our Jack Russell might make his way over to say Hello, but don't worry he'll be gone in a minute after he snoops a bit.  Sometimes the chickens will visit in late afternoon too.\n\nGordonsville's 3 block main street is definitely worth a visit.  Upscale shops, art gallery, French restaurants and gift shops.  Barbeque Exchange is famous for it's selections of gourmet sides and of course the slow pit cooked meats.  Numerous antique shops and the Historic Exchange Hotel by the railroad track which was converted to a Civil War Hospital Museum.\n\nWiFi  Gotnoecorp ext\nWiFi passcode  (phone number hidden)\nWe are using a booster from the main house so sometimes this isn't the best connection. \n\nLocated within minutes of award winning wineries in the Monticello Wine Region; Keswick, Barboursville, Horton, Trump, Jefferson. The Cottage is private, quaint and comfortable with pristine farm views and abundant wildlife. Take Thomas Jefferson's Scenic Route 231 from Gordonsville to Charlottesville, only 20 minutes, or tour  Madison's \"Montpelier\".\n\nHouseRules:\nIf something goes wrong with the appliances, lights,water heat or air conditioning, just text or call.  We will be there in no time to fix it.",
"monthly_price": 2800,
"weekly_price": 680,
"nightly_price": 123,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/1723919"
},
{
"heading": "Ridge Rd Guesthouse 2BR Suite",
"location": "Ridge Road Drive, Alexandria, VA, United States, 22302",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 1,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Two bedroom suite with a queen and two full-sized beds. Mini-kitchenette and fridge. Laundry. Perfect for group or family. Close to DC Metro. Free parking. Separate entrance and private bath - private and secure - can come and go as you please!\n\nWelcome to the Ridge Road Guesthouse, a single-family home in a quite neighborhood, divided into two separate 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartments.  \n\nThe Guesthouse is a single-family home from the 1940's, in a quiet neighborhood about 7 miles or 15 minutes drive from DC.  Easy access to 395, the Pentagon, Crystal City, Old Town Alexandria, and downtown DC.  \n\nThe 2 bedroom suite consists one room above the garage with a queen sized bed, and a second bedroom down the stairs in a finished basement room, which has 2 full-sized beds.  There is also your own private bathroom, and a kitchenette with a refrigerator, microwave, large toaster oven, coffee maker, hot plate, pots, pans, and dishes and utensils for making a simple home-cooked meal, or re-heating leftovers from one of the great restaurants in the neighborhood.\n\nEach of the two apartments is completely private, with no shared space, except the laundry and backyard patio and bar-b-que.  You enter and exit separately, and have your own room and bathroom.\n\nThe bedroom above the garage is sunny, suite contains a room and bathroom, with plenty of closet space.  There is an iron and ironing board, and a mini-kitchenette, including  a refrigerator, coffee maker, toaster oven and microwave.  There is also a freezer in the garage, if you need additional storage space, or if you would like ice.  There is access to laundry in the garage as well. \n\nThe second bedroom is a large finished room down the stairs in the basement. It has two full-sized beds, a couch, and a small dining table with four chairs.  It also has a mini-kitchenette with a small refrigerator.\n\nThe suite is perfect for a family or group traveling together.  There is plenty of space, and all the amenities you will need for your visit to the Washington area!\n\nGuests will have access to laundry facilities, and high-speed wi-fi internet.  The wi-fi is fast enough to download and watch your favorite shows in the evening.  When it's warm out, I encourage you to check out the backyard garden with a grill.  \n\nThe room is also equipped with a TV and a Roku 3 internet streaming player.  You can get local TV as well as on-demand Netflix, Hulu, hundreds of movies and TV shows, as well as games and music.\n\nI live just down the road, and my team, Juanita and Antonio and I are around the house regularly helping guests, and making sure everything is comfortable during your stay.  When you book, I give you a key-code for the garage, as well as a key to the suite, so you can check-in and come and go anytime without worrying about bothering anyone, or interrupting.  As I said, I live a couple blocks away, and regularly come by to visit guests, to show them around, and orient them to the neighborhood and sites in Washington, DC.  Please call me anytime, and I'm happy to help!\n\nI live in the Braddock Heights neighborhood, which is halfway between Shirlington and Del Ray. It is a quiet, safe neighborhood, with easy parking for drivers, and access to dozens of public transportation options. While you are here, check out the Shirlington area for a huge variety of dining options, as well as movies and a theater. Also check out the Del Ray area, with several nice restaraunts and shops. We are also close to Old Town Alexandria, which has tons of shopping, dining and entertainment options to fill your evenings.\n\nIf you are driving, there is free street parking with no restrictions right on front of the house, as well as parking in the driveway available at a first-come-first serve basis.  If the driveway is free, feel free to park there!\n\nIf you take the metro, get off at the Braddock Road stop (Yellow/Blue line, 1st stop after National Airport.)\n\nFrom there, you can take a DASH Bus -- The AT-4 Northbound, which goes towards the Pentagon. It runs about every 20 minutes during peak hours. During the middle of the day, it runs less often, and is the AT3/4 Northbound. The drivers are helpful, and can help you out. The bus stops 1 block from the house.\n\nAlternatively, there are almost always cabs at the Braddock road stop, and you can catch one to the house directly for less than $10. Or you can use Uber, if you prefer.\n\nOr you can walk the 1.7 miles (2.7 km) directly up Braddock road. It is an uphill walk, but through a nice, pleasent neighborhood.\n\nPlease note that the house is split into two independent units, each with their own private entrance and private bath.  (There is also a two-bedroom \"main house.\")  The only shared space in the house is the laundry, which is in the garage, and the back yard patio and bar-b-que.\n\nPlease note that I've done my best to sound proof the house between the two apartments, but it is possible to hear noise in the other apartment.  The house is geared toward families and small groups traveling together, and I ask guests to be considerate of the others in the house and not play loud music late at night when other guests may be trying to sleep.\n\nPlease also note that pets are welcome, but there is a one-time $30 pet fee per animal.\n\nTwo bedroom suite with a queen and two full-sized beds. Mini-kitchenette and fridge. Laundry. Perfect for group or family. Close to DC Metro. Free parking. Separate entrance and private bath - private and secure - can come and go as you please!\n\nHouseRules:\nNo smoking in the house.\nNo unregistered guests in the house, without prior agreement with the host.  ",
"monthly_price": 2265,
"weekly_price": 582,
"nightly_price": 92,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/3666872"
},
{
"heading": "Ridge Rd Guesthouse 2BR Main House",
"location": "Ridge Road Drive, Alexandria, VA, United States, 22302",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Classic Alexandria single family home with tons of space for you, your friends and family!  Grill out on the back patio, and make your business trip feel more like a vacation.  Easy, free parking, access to several public transportation options.\n\nWelcome to the Ridge Road Guesthouse, a single-family home in a quite neighborhood, divided into two separate 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartments. \n\nThe Guesthouse is a single-family home from the 1940's, in a quiet neighborhood about 7 miles or 15 minutes drive from DC.  Easy access to 395, the Pentagon, Crystal City, Old Town Alexandria, and downtown DC.  \n\nThe 2 bedroom main house apartment has hardwood floors, kitchen, dining room, living room and bathroom.  If you are traveling with a your family or a group of friends, there is plenty of space to accommodate you all.  There is a King-size bed in the master bedroom, and two full-sized beds in the 2nd bedroom.  \n\nEach of the two apartments is completely private, with no shared space, except the laundry and backyard patio and bar-b-que.  You enter and exit separately, and have your own room and bathroom.\n\nYou are also welcome to enjoy the backyard porch, patio and garden, including a gas grill.  This is the perfect alternative to a cramped, overpriced hotel room!  Spread out, and feel like you are at home while visiting DC!\n\nGuests in the main house will have have access to the kitchen, dining room, living room, back porch, and backyard garden with a grill.  Please note that the house is split into two independent units, each with their own private entrance and private bath.  (There is also two bedroom \"suite\", which consists of a bedroom above the garage, and a bedroom in the basement.)  The only shared space in the house is the laundry, which is in the garage, and the backyard patio and bar-b-que grill. \n\nI live just down the road, and my team, Juanita and Antonio and I are around the house regularly helping guests, and making sure everything is comfortable during your stay.  When you book, I give you a key-code for the garage, as well as a key to the suite, so you can check-in and come and go anytime without worrying about bothering anyone, or interrupting.  As I said, I live a couple blocks away, and regularly come by to visit guests, to show them around, and orient them to the neighborhood and sites in Washington, DC.  Please call me anytime, and I'm happy to help!\n\nI live in the Braddock Heights neighborhood, which is halfway between Shirlington and Del Ray.  It is a quiet, safe neighborhood, with easy parking for drivers, and access to dozens of public transportation options.  While you are here, check out the Shirlington area for a huge variety of dining options, as well as movies and a theater.  Also check out the Del Ray area, with several nice restaurants and shops.  We are also close to Old Town Alexandria, which has tons of shopping, dining and entertainment options to fill your evenings.\n\nIf you are driving, there is free street parking with no restrictions right on front of the house.\n\nIf you take the metro, get off at the Braddock Road stop (Yellow/Blue line, 1st stop after National Airport.)\n\nFrom there, you can take a DASH Bus -- The AT-4 Northbound, which goes towards the Pentagon. It runs about every 20 minutes during peak hours. During the middle of the day, it runs less often, and is the AT3/4 Northbound. The drivers are helpful, and can help you out.  The bus stops 1 block from the house.\n\nAlternatively, there are almost always cabs at the Braddock road stop, and you can catch one to the house directly for less than $10.  Or you can use Uber, if you prefer.\n\nOr you can walk the 1.7 miles (2.7 km) directly up Braddock road. It is an uphill walk, but through a nice, pleasent neighborhood.\n\nPlease note that the house is split into two independent units, each with their own private entrance and private bath.  (There is also a two-bedroom suite.)  The only shared space in the house is the laundry, which is in the garage, and the back yard patio and bar-b-que.\n\nPlease note that I've done my best to sound proof the house between the two apartments, but it is possible to hear noise in the other apartment.  The house is geared toward families and small groups traveling together, and I ask guests to be considerate of the others in the house and not play loud music late at night when other guests may be trying to sleep.\n\nPlease also note that pets are welcome, but there is a one-time $30 pet fee per animal.\n\nClassic Alexandria single family home with tons of space for you, your friends and family!  Grill out on the back patio, and make your business trip feel more like a vacation.  Easy, free parking, access to several public transportation options.\n\nHouseRules:\nPlease, no smoking.  No unregistered guests in the house.  Please, no loud parties in the house. ",
"monthly_price": 3115,
"weekly_price": 800,
"nightly_price": 125,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/4007954"
},
{
"heading": "Come Rest , Less Stress 4 Anyone",
"location": "U Pl, Fairlawn, Washington, DC, United States, 20020",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Accepting bookings for 2015 calender year. Lets plan ahead and looking forward to meeting you all.\n\n* HIGH PRIORITY* ,  WHEN BOOKING, PLEASE ENSURE THAT THE AMOUNT OF GUEST ARRIVING IS IN CORRESPONDENCE WITH YOUR RESERVATION. ALL GUEST WILL BE GREETED BY ME AS THE HOST.  LASTLY, SEE REVIEWS. \n\n*ENTIRE HOUSE RENTAL*\n\n~~Special Message~~ \"2012, 2013, 2014\" was a great year hosting and meeting all sorts of exciting guest/s from around the world. Airbnb has been truly an amazing experience and I humbly Thank past, previous and future guest. Let's plan your stay at the ,\"Come Rest, Less Stress BNB for 2014. Can't wait to meet you.\n\nCongratulations, you as the guest have INSTANT BOOKING privileges. This was awarded due to good reviews from my Guests as well as myself for great customer service. Thank you all, its always a pleasure.\n\n*Feel free to inquiry about special offers on monthly     booking*\n\nGet a great night’s sleep on the excellent queen size bed, queen size pull out sofa and double queen size blow-up mattress with built-in pump with the benefit of listening to birds chirp in the morning. Watch cable or plenty of' DVD's, wifi-surf the net with your laptop, Access to Wii and Xbox, for those bringing kids while vacationing. Fresh sheets & towels, soap & shampoo will await you in this restful, non-smoking environment. Parking is available in front and Private parking in rear of the house.\n\nThe house is located in the southeastern sector of Washington DC, within 10-30 min distance to the following locations by Metro/Cab/Car : White House and the National Mall, of many culture and entertainment venues, of 25 cinema/movie screens, numerous museums, including the Air and Space, the National Gallery of Art, the Hirshhorn & Sculpture Garden, the Natural History Museum, the American History Museum, the Museum of the American Indian, the Museum of African Art, the Sackler and Freer, (most of the Smithsonian Museums, in fact), the National Building Museum, the Spy Museum, the Newseum, Penn Quarter & Chinatown, and lots and lots of restaurants - from Indian, Ethiopian & Thai, Spanish, Italian & French, sushi, burgers & pizza - to hip venues like Churchkey, Birch & Barley, Busboys & Poets, Eatonville, Cafe Saint Ex, and of course, fine dining too - it's all yours.\n\nNumerous theatres, The Frederick Douglas Home,  Ford's Theatre ,the Studio, the Source, the Shakespeare, the Woolly Mammoth, the National and the Warner are all a stroll away. The Verizon Center for sports fans, bowling and bookstores, the National Geographic Society, and much more - Most of these venue are off the Green/ Blue Line Metro. Check out the following info below as a complete guide through the Nation's Capital: \n\nClosely situated by I-295 and I-395 \n2.0 miles from National's Ballpark Stadium \nCapital Bikeshare/Zipcar/Car2go in Neighborhood \n3.0 miles from Navy Yard Marine Barracks and Eastern Market Restaurants and Shops \n1 block from Bus Zone\n\nThank you and Welcome to our Nations Capital , Washington DC\n\nHouseRules:\nI ask that you respect this as if it were your home. Small pets or more than welcome. If you suddendly have the taste for some Bar-B-Q, there is a Smoker and a grill located directly at the back of the home for your entertainment and privacy. Please do feel welcomed and at home,I highly appreciate considerate guests and want you to have a great visit to our Nation's Capital. Thank you and welcome to DC\r\n",
"monthly_price": 1700,
"weekly_price": 585,
"nightly_price": 80,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/84476"
},
{
"heading": "A home away from Washington DC",
"location": "Hanover Parkway, Greenbelt, MD, United States, 20770",
"dwelling_type": "Apartment",
"number_of_bedrooms": 3,
"occupancy": 9,
"beds": 3,
"bathrooms": 2,
"description": "Our cool and comfortable Apartment has 3 bedrooms, 1 large living room, 3 full beds, 2 twin mattresses, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, Internet, Cable TV, Computer, Washer, Dryer and free parking for 3 cars. It comfortably sleeps 9 guests.\n\nThe house has 3 bedrooms with 3 full beds, 1 living room with a long couch and 4 sitting chairs, extra 2 twin mattresses, 2 full bathrooms, full kitchen, Wired and Wireless Internet throughout the house, Personal Computer with Windows 7 and full Microsoft Office Suite, Cable TV in the living room, Cable TV in the Master Bedroom, Washer, Dryer and free priority parking for 3 cars. It comfortably sleeps 9 persons and you can use the additional 2 twin mattresses for any impromptu guests staying over. \nThe property has security guards on patrol 24 hours per day and 7 days a week and is located in a very safe and secured part of Greenbelt Maryland. You have priority parking assigned to you throughout your stay, right in front and also by the side of the house.\nWe provide you with bed sheets, blankets, kitchen utensils, cutlery, Microwave, Toaster, Towels, bath soap, shampoos, ironing board and electric iron.\nWhether you are traveling alone or you have a large group wishing to stay together but still have room for privacy, this house is adequate for you. You and your group will enjoy your privacy in the house. Host does not live on the property. You have the house keys during your stay to come in and go at your will. The listing is unique because it accommodates the needs of single or large number of visitors for short or longer term staying in the Washington Metropolitan Area.\n\nGuests will have exclusive access to the entire apartment unit, and can use all amenities available in the house, with no interaction with host.\n\nWe are available to support guests with any of their needs, to ensure a comfortable stay in the area. Host does not live on the property so guest enjoys complete privacy during their stay.\n\nGreenbelt is known widely as a public cooperative community founded in the New Deal Era. Greenbelt was one of three \"green\" towns planned in 1935 under the United States Resettlement Administration. \nAccording to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 6.34 square miles (16.42 km2), of which, 6.28 square miles (16.27 km2) is land and 0.06 square miles (0.16 km2) is water.\n\nTwo major highways pass through and have interchanges in Greenbelt: the Capital Beltway (I-95/I-495) and the National Park Service's Baltimore-Washington Parkway. Greenbelt Road is a portion of State Highway 193, which connects several suburban towns.\nSource: Wikipedia.\n\nAs guest, you have easy access to shopping, restaurants and site seeing trips to the Greenbelt area and Washington DC.\n\nWashington Metro rapid transit rail service from Washington, D.C., serves Greenbelt Metro Station, the northern terminus of the system's Green Line. Commuter rail service to the same station is provided by MARC's Camden Line between Washington's Union Station and Camden Station in Baltimore, Maryland.\n\nThe National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Goddard Space Flight Center is located in Greenbelt, as is Greenbelt Park, a unit of the National Park System. The Greenbelt Arts Center is located in Old Greenbelt.\n\nOur cool and comfortable Apartment has 3 bedrooms, 1 large living room, 3 full beds, 2 twin mattresses, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, Internet, Cable TV, Computer, Washer, Dryer and free parking for 3 cars. It comfortably sleeps 9 guests.\n\nHouseRules:\nkeep the parking permit safe and remember to return the permit after your stay. There is an open balcony for sitting out to enjoy cool fresh air on the outside. You may smoke on the balcony and not inside the rooms. Thank you.",
"monthly_price": 1600,
"weekly_price": 450,
"nightly_price": 69,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/4135415"
},
{
"heading": "Charming 4 BR South Philly Rowhome",
"location": "South 16th Street, Newbold, Philadelphia, PA, United States, 19145",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 4,
"occupancy": 9,
"beds": 4,
"bathrooms": 1.5,
"description": "Very quiet relaxing 4 bedroom 1 1/2 bath home in the heart of South Philadelphia. Get the full experience of living in South Philly. 1.5 blocks to BSL into CC, 1/2 block from bus stop. 2 Queens, 1 Full, 1 Single.  Additional air mattress available.\n\nBeautiful vintage south philly rowhome.  This home is great for entertaining! You can enjoy large dinner parties, business events, family gatherings, or even a quiet night alone. The kitchen features a beautiful stone island with four counter stools. Enjoy a cup of coffee on the back patio or even on your front steps, south philly style! You'll have the full house with four bedrooms- two queen beds, one double bed, and one twin daybed. Additional queen size air mattress is also available. Full clean and brightly painted basement has a washer and dryer for your convenience as well as an iron and ironboard. The house has hardwood floors throughout except the kitchen and bathrooms with porcelain tile. The first floor is an open floor plan with a tiled vestibule, large living room with sectional and a flat screen 40\"TV with 140 channels to flip through incl HBO, large coat closet, large dining room that seats 8 with a roll cart for bar or food display, and kitchen in the back. The dining room has a decorative chandelier directly above the large glass table with 8 upholstered chairs.  Additional chairs are available if needed (4) folding chairs. The full bathroom upstairs includes vintage white and black tile, a white tiled bathtub, and has a nice tall window for additional light. The ceilings throughout the house are 10 feet high which make the house feel even larger than it is. Hardwood floors throughout with are rugs.  \n\n16th Street is a bus route, so if you are not used to noise you may not want to sleep in the front bedroom. The rest of the bedrooms are pretty quiet. \n\nPlease note that all bedrooms are on the second floor as well as the full bathroom. \n\nYou'll find ample street parking on 16th Street and it’s free! From the airport and train stations a taxi is the easiest way to arrive.  You can take the bus just about anywhere, but the best way to enjoy the charm, history, and culture of our city is to walk and explore!\n\nGuests have access to all areas of the house including the back patio, except for the storage room in the basement.\n\nCall, text, or email me anytime. We live just four blocks away so if you need something just call!\n\nThe diversity of people, the south philly charm, walking distance to the broad street line, a short walk to passyunk bars, restaurants and shops and so much more! Not to mention minutes away the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, and Sixers stadium/arenas. \n\nBest website to find things to do- visit philly.\n\nThe bus stop into center city is only a half block away.  That will take you directly into the center of the city.  The broad street subway is only a block away and you can transfer for free at city hall if you need to East or West. If you are staying longer you can sign up with Zip Car!  Get familiar with Zip Car, there is a parked car a half a block away from the house.  Uber is also a great way to get around.  In the Spring, enjoy bike share!! \n\nI don't keep food stocked in the house except for three types of coffee, several varieties of tea, non dairy creamer, splenda, and sugar.  I do have a variety of spices. There is a Brita water filter in the refrigerator, please help yourself to anything!\n\nThe bathroom is fully equipped with a hair dryer, shampoo/conditioner, body wash, listerine mouthwash, q-tips, cotton balls, toothpaste, feminine products, and toilet paper.  You can find the iron and ironing board downstairs in the basement next to the washer and dryer.\n\nGuests have access to all areas of the house including the back patio, except for the storage room in the basement.\n\nCall, text, or email me anytime. We live just four blocks away so if you need something just call!\n\nThe diversity of people, the south philly charm, walking distance to the broad street line, a short walk to passyunk bars, restaurants and shops and so much more! Not to mention minutes away the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, and Sixers stadium/arenas. \n\nBest website to find things to do- visit philly.\n\nThe bus stop into center city is only a half block away.  That will take you directly into the center of the city.  The broad street subway is only a block away and you can transfer for free at city hall if you need to East or West. If you are staying longer you can sign up with Zip Car!  Get familiar with Zip Car, there is a parked car a half a block away from the house.  Uber is also a great way to get around.\n\nI don't keep food stocked in the house except for three types of coffee, several varieties of tea, non dairy creamer, splenda, and sugar.  There is a Brita water filter in the refrigerator, please help yourself to anything! \n\nThe bathroom is fully equipped with a hair dryer, shampoo/conditioner, body wash, Listerine mouthwash, q-tips, cotton balls, toothpaste, feminine products, and toilet paper.  You can find the iron and ironing board downstairs in the basement next to the washer and dryer.\n\nThe entire home including the basement.\n\nAs much as you want me to.\n\nThe diversity of people, the south philly charm, walking distance to the broad street line, a short walk to passyunk bars, restaurants and shops and so much more! Not to mention minutes away the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, and Sixers stadium/arenas. \n\nLocal Favorite Restaurants/Bars to note-\nL'angelo BYOB\nSouth Philly Tap Room\nUltimo- (pick up coffee or beer by the bottle)\nTap Room on 19th \nGennaro's Tomato Pie\nSky Cafe\nCafe Con Chocolate\nGrubhouse\nToyotomi Sushi Bar\nAmalias Cafe & Hookah Lounge\nBrunics\nLaFusion\nLaRosa\nHow U Doin Deli\nLeVirtu\nPesto\nNoir\nWill BYOB\nLucky 13 Pub\nGreen Olives Cafe\nCrinit\nPalladino's\nTre Scalini\n\nThe bus stop into center city is only a half block away.  That will take you directly into the center of the city.  The broad street subway is only 2 blocks away and you can transfer for free at City Hall if you need to go East or West. If you are staying longer you can sign up with Zip Car!  Get familiar with Zip Car, there is a parked car a half a block away from the house.  Uber is also a great way to get around as well.\n\nI don't keep food stocked in the house except for three types of coffee, several varieties of tea, hot chocolate, non dairy creamer, splenda, and sugar.  There is a Brita water filter in the refrigerator, please help yourself to anything!  I do have an endless supply of various spices in the cabinet.\nThe bathroom is fully equipped with a hair dryer, shampoo/conditioner, body wash, Listerine mouthwash, q-tips, cotton balls, toothpaste, feminine products, baby wipes, disposable razors, and toilet paper.  You can find the iron and ironing board downstairs in the basement next to the washer and dryer. \nThe Living Room has a 40\" HDTV 140 channels as well as HBO, bluray player and WiFi.\n\nVery quiet relaxing 4 bedroom 1 1/2 bath home in the heart of South Philadelphia. Get the full experience of living in South Philly. 1.5 blocks to BSL into CC, 1/2 block from bus stop. 2 Queens, 1 Full, 1 Single.  Additional air mattress available.\n\nHouseRules:\n*Non authorized guests (not listed on the contract) are not allowed to enter the property at any time without letting me know.  If you are entertaining we can work something out.  Additional cleaning fees may apply.\n\n*Prices may also vary during holidays and special events, so please contact us with your specific dates.\n\n*No smoking please and no pets. \n\n*Please quiet by 11 pm in consideration of the neighbors. \n\n*Please turn down the heat or air conditioning when you check out.\n\n*Wash all your dirty dishes and put them back where you found them.\n\n*Place all used sheets and towels in laundry basket located in upstairs hallway.  \n\n*When checking out please lock the door and place the keys through the mail slot.\n\n*Turn off the lights when you are not home and before you check out.\n\n*For those guests whose stay incur on a Tuesday night, I just ask if you could please take the trash/recycling to the curb AFTER 7pm Tuesday night so that the trash men can pick up the trash/recycling.\n\n*If you happen to spill anything on the white slipcovers or linens, (no worries) please pretreat it with the bottle left in the kitchen pantry labeled \"pretreat\".  I will do the rest to wash them to remove the stain.\n\n*Please leave all recycling containers in the recycling bins located in the basement.  All trash cans are located on the back patio.\n\n*Don't forget to sign my guestbook! :)",
"monthly_price": 4000,
"weekly_price": 1550,
"nightly_price": 130,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/4174239"
},
{
"heading": "Bailey's Retreat Cottage #2",
"location": "Bailey's Court, Charlottesville, VA, United States, 22901",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 4,
"beds": 2,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Welcome to Bailey's Retreat Cottage! Situated in woodsy area with distant mountain views this two bedroom cottage is a perfect escape. This property not available or want more space? check out all the listings on Bailey's Retreat!\n\nPerched on 50 rustic acres in Ivy, Virginia, seven miles west of Charlottesville and seven miles east of Crozet, Bailey's Retreat offers scenic serenity for nature lovers, artists, writers, sportsmen or city slickers who simply want to unwind. Or not. Mere minutes from the University of Virginia, Monticello, Skyline Drive, Wintergreen, wineries and breweries, the cabin conveniently sits in the center of regional tourist attractions that fan out in four directions. \n\n This 850 sq foot cottage features a wood burning fireplace, bright sunny living room with sliding glass doors leading to a deck where you can sit and take in natures beauty. There are  two bedrooms, one queen and one full.  The beds are made with high quality designer linens and pillows.  Fully stocked galley kitchen with Rachel Ray cookware and dinnerware. \n\n Relax and enjoy!    \n\n\nWhatever your reason is for visiting the area, we'd love to host you at Bailey's Retreat Cottage!\n\nBailey's Retreat offers a viewing terrace filled with adirondack chairs. The perfect spot for sitting back and taking it all in! Private access.\n\nIn ground pool with lounge chairs is open to guests. Pool hours are from 10:00-noon then again from 4:00-6:00.\n\nOutdoor pavilion with chimney and deck offers a more private gathering space! Contact us for more information.We provide all firewood.\n\nWelcome to Bailey's Retreat Cottage! Situated in woodsy area with distant mountain views this two bedroom cottage is a perfect escape. This property not available or want more space? check out all the listings on Bailey's Retreat!\n\nHouseRules:\nNo Pets\nNo Smoking\nNo Parties\n\nExplore the grounds, hiking \nEnjoy Scenery \nHave Fun! ",
"monthly_price": 1800,
"weekly_price": 590,
"nightly_price": 120,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/2006572"
},
{
"heading": "Elegant 2BR N. Downtown Apartment",
"location": "Park Street, Charlottesville, VA, United States, 22901",
"dwelling_type": "Apartment",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 4,
"beds": 2,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "The North Downtown Apartment is exclusively used for Airbnb and is a quiet and bright walk-out basement apartment. Fully renovated 2BR apartment less than 1 mile to downtown Charlottesville. \n\nThis charming space is strictly used for Airbnb! You will not find clothes in the closet or personal items in the bathroom.  \n\nConvenient access to 250 bypass, private off-street parking, spacious living areas and fully equipped for your short- or long-term Charlottesville vacation. \n\nGorgeous marble tile floors, comfortable furnishings, modern kitchen with gas range, laundry on site. \n\nWe communicate primarily through email and phone. We are available resources for your stay but do not want to encroach on your personal space or good time. We can be as involved or uninvolved as suits the guest. My mother-in-law, the owner of the house, lives upstairs and may introduce herself in passing. \n\nThe North Downtown Apartment is exclusively used for Airbnb and is a quiet and bright walk-out basement apartment. Fully renovated 2BR apartment less than 1 mile to downtown Charlottesville.",
"monthly_price": 2200,
"weekly_price": 800,
"nightly_price": 185,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/1656615"
},
{
"heading": "Sunny and Clean on the Park!",
"location": "New Hampshire Avenue Northwest, U Street Corridor, Washington, DC, United States, 20009",
"dwelling_type": "Apartment",
"number_of_bedrooms": 1,
"occupancy": 4,
"beds": 1,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "Recently renovated apartment overlooks the cascading fountains of Meridian Park. The studio is large and centrally located. One block to the U Street Corridor and three blocks to Adams Morgan and Dupont Circle.  White House is a quick 15 minute walk.\n\nThe perfect retreat in the heart of DC.  Just renovated in 2013, the apartment has granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances and a brand new kitchen and bath.  More than just a plain old studio, there is a separate kitchen with a breakfast buffet and an entirely separate vanity and dressing area with a huge closet and an oversized full length wall mirror.  You also get the incredible view of Meridian Park from the large windows that line the apartment. The White House, National Mall and most monuments are a quick 20 minute walk.\n\nEverything you need for a comfortable stay is included in the price.  Expect a comfortable place to come home to and a good night of sleep.\n\nSleeping:\n-Queen Sized Bed Sleeps 2\n-Pillow Top Mattress\n-Freshly Cleaned Hotel Sheets \n-Warm Down Comforter & Duvet\n-Large Down Pillows\n\nKitchen:\n-Fully Stocked Kitchen (Down to the Olive Oil)\n-Pots, Pans, Serving Utensils\n-Microwave\n-Full Stove w/4 Burners\n-Wine Glasses\n-Coffee Maker & Tea Kettle\n-Fresh Coffee and Tea\n\nLiving and Working:\n-Speedy Wifi  \n-Flat Screen HD TV and Cable \n-Oversized Leather Club Chair \n-Large Oak Dining Table Seats 4\n-A/C & Heater (You Control the Temperature)\n\nFull-Sized Bathroom:\n-Deep Cleaned Before Guest Arrival\n-Top Quality Fluffy White Towels \n-Shampoo, Conditioner and Body Wash\n-Hairdryer\n\nExtra Guests:\n-Deluxe Camper Air Mattress Sleeps 2\n-Quite Comfortable for an Air Mattress\n\nPlease contact me with any questions.  I will get back to you right away.  Pricing is negotiable for long-term stays.  2 night minimum for holiday stays.\n\nRoof Deck.  There is a great roof deck on top of the building with seating.  Take in a 360 degree view of beautiful DC.  \n\nLaundry.  Right downstairs.  Laundry cards and detergent are provided for you.\n\nCheck-In.  You are free to arrive whenever you like so long as it is after 2:00 p.m.  You will receive a number code once you book and use that to get into the apartment.  I respect your privacy but am always available by phone, text, email or Airbnb message if you need anything.\n\nThe Park.  Meridian Park is the Central Park of DC.  An urban park like no other, it's got a huge cascading fountain and 12 acres of green trees and unique sculptures right in the middle of the city.  \n\nCentral Location.  Even better is you are central to 3 of the best areas in DC.  Walk one block east and you are right in the bustling U Street Corridor, a few blocks west and you are on 18th street in Adams Morgan. Go south a few blocks and you are right at Dupont Circle.  Walk north and you are in Columbia Heights.  I love this neighborhood because it is quiet and residential, but still close to all the action.  \n\nSafety.  This is one of the safest areas of DC.  Take caution as you would in any city.  Most of NW is pretty safe but this area is a lot more established than some of the up and coming neighborhoods.\n\nEvery form of transportation is an option.\n\nParking?  There is only street parking available, but it is FREE.  A rarity in DC (or any city), the street next to the apartment is unmetered and there are always spots available on W street (between 15th and 16th).  You will even be able to see your car from the window of the unit. The only restriction is a street cleaning on Monday mornings meaning you would have to move it out of the space for about 1/2 hour.  \n\nRental Car?  There are 2 on-site Enterprise vehicles in the building's parking lot available to rent.  Simply contact Enterprise and they will set it up for you, you can pick up a car from right in front of the building and drop it off in the same spot when you are done.  There are also two Zipcar spaces with a similar set up.\n\nBikeshare?  Super easy.  There are 3 pickup locations within a block of the building.  You can rent a bike for $7/day or get a 3 day pass for $15.\n\nMetro?  The Green and Yellow lines are a 3 block walk from the unit.  There are Smart Cards in the apartment for you to use, simply take the card with you when you head out for the day and you can charge it at any metro station using a debit card, credit card or cash.\n\nBus?  There is a bus stop less than a block away and 4 different bus lines are available for pick up every 7-10 minutes. You can get straight downtown to the National Mall in about 10-15 minutes.\n\nThere are maps of the city and transit information in the apartment.  \n\nI am friendly, laid back and accommodating.  My guests are always happy with my recommendations so definitely don't hesitate to ask.  I know the city well.  I am well-organized and always available for questions.  \n\nThanks for looking :)\n\nRecently renovated apartment overlooks the cascading fountains of Meridian Park. The studio is large and centrally located. One block to the U Street Corridor and three blocks to Adams Morgan and Dupont Circle.  White House is a quick 15 minute walk.\n\nHouseRules:\nPlease just be respectful and leave the place how you found it.",
"monthly_price": 3550,
"weekly_price": 775,
"nightly_price": 95,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/1074477"
},
{
"heading": "Hot-tub; 2br; driveway;subway 3blks",
"location": "Clay Street Northeast, Coral Hills MD, Washington, DC, United States, 20019",
"dwelling_type": "House",
"number_of_bedrooms": 2,
"occupancy": 6,
"beds": 4,
"bathrooms": 1,
"description": "My home is a 2br SPA DELIGHT. I love to travel, so I know what makes a great stay...walk to subway=downtown access in minutes; Sleeps 6 easily; Convenient shopping, night-life/clubs, AND has off-street parking! Hot tub, massage chair, soothing decor, laundry-BEST VALUE for price!\n\nSo inviting...it's private, convenient to EVERYTHING, and comfortable.  I'm sure you'll recommend it to friends and look to return whenever you visit DC.  Quiet street & private detached home with driveway for your rental car; front & large back yard; 2br, 1bath, soothing atmosphere...check out more pics...\n\nEntire house, FREE off-street parking, laundry on-site, free WIFI, iron & ironing board, hair dryer, gourmet hot/cold coffee/tea, Bluetooth speakers, board games, 2 flat panel tv's, yoga & Pilates manual, popular as seen on tv exercise dvd's (10 minute trainer, Zumba, Fluidity, Urban Rebounder), books, USB & charger options for varied devices, printer, local tourist guidebook with current activities, 5 minute walk to Metro (easy access to downtown DC & attractions), complimentary eye/sleep masks, massages by water in hot tub, chair, and feet...a tranquil paradise!\n\nA quick call to ensure a seamless check-in on the 1st day is fine for me (I'm available should a need arise, but generally I'll be visiting family during your stay)-if possible, I'll meet guests for 5 min house tour when first arriving \n\nWalk to main subway & bus lines, shopping, parks, rental bikes, nightlife, dining, AND it's on a quiet street.\n\nComplimentary maps for subway, bus lines and city...only a 3 block walk to main subway, access the entire city in minutes!\n\nWelcome!! Relax & enjoy...you'll find many small perks that will make your stay memorable & pleasant.\n\nMy home is a 2br SPA DELIGHT. I love to travel, so I know what makes a great stay...walk to subway=downtown access in minutes; Sleeps 6 easily; Convenient shopping, night-life/clubs, AND has off-street parking! Hot tub, massage chair, soothing decor, laundry-BEST VALUE for price!\n\nHouseRules:\nplease remove your shoes & fill dishwasher before you leave...no hot water through kitchen faucet filter...rinse off before entering hot tub",
"monthly_price": 5000,
"weekly_price": 1175,
"nightly_price": 179,
"url": "http://airbnb.com/rooms/1547330"
}
]
}
'''
